Jenkins: Fix v1a4 jobs, and update CI description (#133)
metal3-io/project-infra: jenkins/README.md

cluster-api-provider-metal3 repositories by commenting the commands below.
The job result will be posted as a comment.

>  * **/test-integration** run integration tests for V1alpha4 on Ubuntu
>  * **/test-centos-integration** run integration tests for V1alpha4 on
>    CentOS
>  * **/test-v1a3-integration** run integration tests for V1alpha3 on Ubuntu
>  * **/test-v1a3-centos-integration** run integration tests for V1alpha3 on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **/test-integration** run integration tests for V1alpha3 on Ubuntu
 * **/test-centos-integration** run integration tests for V1alpha3 on
   CentOS
 * **/test-v1a4integration** run integration tests for V1alpha4 on Ubuntu
 * **/test-v1a4-centos-integration** run integration tests for V1alpha4 on
```

Reviewer: Sorry, I forgit about the changes in Nordix JJB.

Author: no, this is on purpose, I'm updating the job to use v1a4 by default

Reviewer: I just didn't see your Nordix JJB PR before this.
